MANAGEMENT OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS

It has been my firm belief that life never leaves an opportunity to teach you new things.Having 

worked in the software industry for more than 3 years, I have faced multiple challenges in my 

journey, in some cases the situations have been extremely demanding. Most of the challenges which 

I have faced so far are directly or indirectly associated with the business needs, and solution to
almost all of these problems lie in technology.

I feel that understanding a business and making important contribution in it is an art. It takes
time to study and practice to master it. Technology at the same time when coupled with this art
makes a great combination which I am yearning to learn from this course. I was looking forward
for a course which gives me the best of both worlds, business and technology. I could not have
asked for more from the curriculum of MS in MIS. With the current skill set that I am having
which is an amalgamation of Technicality and business prospects, this course would perfectly fit
my needs.

During my undergraduate study in Computer Science & Engineering from IEC College of
engineering & Technology, I got an opportunity to learn and understand the basic fundamentals
of computers. Out of the many subjects that I studied, some of the critical ones were Database
Management System, Data structures, Computer Networks, Computer Architecture.
During this time I developed a flair for programming and learned a couple of Object oriented
programming languages, C# and JAVA. I got a chance to work on a project of Airline ticketing
system as a part of my college project, where in my role was to perform automated tests on it 

based on its functionality and performance. I developed a complete automation test suite for this 

web based application using JAVA along with Selenium.

As soon as I completed my underGrad degree, I got a Job offer from QA Infotech pvt. ltd. where
I started my professional career as a Software testing Engineer(QA). Which is when I got a
chance to work on live projects and deal with real life use cases of various platforms from
business point of view. This included desktop, web and mobile applications. I got to automate
various complicated web/mobile applications from e-learning & e-commerce domain enhancing
my skill set as a SDET(Software development Engineer in Test). 

After working for an year with QA Infotech pvt. ltd. I got a great opportunity from BARCO(Belgian
American Radio Corporation) where I worked for 2 Years in the capacity of Software
Engineer(QA). This decision of my life has played a very crucial role in grooming myself as an
adept engineer.  The product, for which I worked here had a business use case of transmitting the 

content wirelessly from a laptop/mobile device to a Screen or a Projector. After I got a thorough 

understanding of the product and its architecture, I was involved with the Product owners in 

prioritizing the business requirements and estimating the efforts for task completion. 

BARCO being a product based company, it gave me clear insights and understanding about how a 

project is managed and a product is made. I have been a part of the entire process starting from 

the requirement understanding from the management and the stakeholders to the signing off of the 

product in an Agile software development environment. I got an opportunity to face the ups and 

downs of a scrum team and how to overcome various challenges as a team. I would say that in these 

2 years I have become more mature in terms of understanding of product development.

While working at BARCO I was told that they do not use JAVA or C# programming languages
for test development. This gave me a reason to learn a new programming language,Python. I started 

from scratch(I had a prior understanding of Object oriented
programming principles), within 2 months I was able to write useful scripts and make good
contributions in developing and enhancing the test framework.At first it seemed to be a tedious 

job,surprisingly I really enjoyed the process. 

Apart from this I also have a good understanding on designing effective branching strategies based 

on the project requirements.I was involved in priority allignment meetings with the stakeholders 

where business use cases were priorotised based on the customer requirements.

I had a chance to present a proof of concept to the stakeholders describing them how I attained 

the automation testing for a touch panel when the content is streaming on it. Simulating the ghost 

touch events, and making it closer real touch simulation. I was also sent to the Belgium office at 

Kortrijk to give a quick demonstration of this. I also enhanced the existing framework by adding 

critical modules like QR code creation/decoding, airplay support and pattern recognition.

Finally in my current capacity as a Senior Software Engineer, working for Aricent .Altran Group
since 3rd December 2018. Based on my Technical experience and ability to communicate well
with the stakeholders, Aricent has trusted me and deputed me at a client location to Samsung,
Noida. Samsung being the leader for driving innovation, it has given me a chance to learn a lot
of new things. At the same time I feel that going ahead and getting an MS in MIS will give me an
opportunity to learn and upgrade my skill set to huge extent. If I continue to work I
might still learn new things everyday but that knowledge will be nothing when compared with
what a Master’s degree in MIS would imbibe in me.

Pursuing MS in MIS from your esteemed university will give me a remarkable breakthrough as it 

offers interesting core subjects like enterprise applications and infrastructure, database 

management and information system. Apart from this the options for subjects like Healthcare 

Information Systems, Information Security in the Public and Private Sectors, Project management 

and Data analytics is very exciting and I can foresee that I will be able to contribute to the 

industry twice as much as I am doing now. I am also looking forward to do a research work on 

Information security and safe computing while pursuing this course.
