I have worked with Kunal for more than a year and had many opportunities to observe his professional attitude.During this period I have worked with him on various e-commerce and e-learning projects. The best thing that I have observed in him is that he is 
a self starter and carries a very sincere attitude towards his work. 

He has worked with me in capacity of Test Professional and has strong analytical and reasoning skills. In addition to this he has also been very diligent in the task assigned to him. I also found him to be comfortable in programming languages, and with his prior experience of writing test automation scripts he has been able to contribute above expectations. 

I have seen him driving new initiatives multiple times which made him an asset for the team. He performed automation of various critical functionality of the project that we were working on. There has been instances where he received appreciation from the client's side as he had a very unique approach of looking at things and an eye for details. He has been able to deliver a good quality work through out, maintaning a very positive attitude in the team at all times.


Considering all these points, I would strongly recommend Kunal Dwivedi for the MS programme in Management of Information Systems at your university. His ability to assess the business needs from the customer's view pont and technical bent of mind makes him an ideal candidate for this course. 




MANAGEMENT OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS
Para 1: INTRODUCTION AND STATEMENT OF GOALS
It has been my firm belief that life never leaves an opportunity to teach you new things. In the
past few years of my life, every day I have been learning something new. Having worked in the
software industry for more than 3 years, I have faced multiple challenges in my journey, in
some cases the situations have been extremely demanding. Most of the challenges which I
have faced so far are directly or indirectly associated with the business needs and solution to
almost all of these problems lie in technology.
I feel that understanding a business and making important contribution in it is an art. It takes
time to study and practice to master it. Technology at the same time when coupled with this art
makes a great combination which I am yearning to learn from this course. I was looking forward
for a course which gives me the best of both worlds, business and technology. I could not have
asked for more from the curriculum of MS in MIS. With the current skill set that I am having
which is an amalgamation of Technicality and business prospects, this course would perfectly fit
my needs.
Under graduate:
During my undergraduate study in Computer Science & Engineering from IEC College of
engineering & Technology, I got an opportunity to learn and understand the basic fundamentals
of computers. Out of the many subjects that I studied, some of the critical ones were Database
Management System, Data structures, Computer Networks, Computer architecture.
During this time I developed a flair for programming and learned a couple of Object oriented
programming languages, C# and JAVA. I got a chance to work on a project of Airline ticketing
system as a part of my college project, where in my role was to perform tests on it based on its
functionality and performance. I developed a complete automation test suite for this web based
application using JAVA along with Selenium.
Para 2 & 3: CAREER PROGRESSION
As soon as I completed my underGrad degree, I got a Job offer from QA Infotech pvt. ltd. where
I started my professional career as a Software testing Engineer(QA). 
Which is when I got a
chance to work on a live project and dealt with real life use cases of various platforms from
business point of view which included desktop, web and mobile applications. I got to automate
various complicated web/mobile applications from e-learning & e-commerce domain enhancing
my skill set as a SDET(Software development Engineer in Test). After that I worked on
enhancing the capabilities of the framework that was used.
After working for an year with QA Infotech pvt. ltd. I got a great offer from BARCO(Belgian
American Radio Corporation) where I worked for 2 Years in the capacity of Software
Engineer(QA). This decision of my life has played a very crucial role in grooming myself as an
adept engineer. I got a chance to work in an Agile software development environment. It was
exciting and demanding at the same time as there were frequent changes in requirements andwith the Product owners in prioritizing the business requirements and estimating the efforts for
task completion. BARCO being a product based company, it gave me clear insights and
understanding about how a project is managed and a product is made. I have been a part of the
entire process starting from the requirement understanding from the management and the
stakeholders to the signing off of the product. I got an opportunity to face the ups and downs of
a scrum team and how to overcome various challenges as a team. I would say that in these 2
years I have become more mature in terms of understanding of product development.
While working at BARCO I was told that they do not use JAVA or C# programming languages
for test development. This gave me a reason to learn a new programming language, which was
Python. I started learning Python from scratch(I had a prior understanding of Object oriented
programming principles), with 2 months I was able to write useful scripts and make good
contributions in developing and enhancing the test framework. I really enjoyed this process, at
first it seemed to be a tedious job. I took it up as a challenge and cruised through the process of
learning a new programming language very easily. Apart from this I have also have a good
understanding on how to design an effective branching strategy based on the project
requirements. For defect management, I have worked with JIRA and iTrack.
The product, for which I worked here was Clickshare, its sole purpose is to transmit the content
wirelessly from a laptop/mobile device to a Screen or a Projector. I had a chance to present a
proof of concept to the stakeholders describing them how I attained the automation testing for a
touch panel when the content is streaming on it. Simulating the ghost touch events, and making
it closer real touch simulation. I was also sent to the Belgium office at Kortrijk to give a quick
demonstration of this. I also enhanced the existing framework by adding critical modules like QR
code creation/decoding, airplay support and XXXXXXXXX.
Finally in my current capacity as a Senior Software Engineer, working for Aricent .Altran Group
since 3rd December 2018. Based on my Technical experience and ability to communicate well
with the stakeholders, Aricent has trusted me and deputed me at a client location to Samsung,
Noida. Samsung being the leader for driving innovation, it has given me a chance to learn a lot
of new things. At the same time I feel that going ahead and getting an MS in MIS will give me
immense opportunity to learn and upgrade my skill set to huge extent. If I continue to work I
might still learn new things everyday but that knowledge will be nothing when compared with
what a Master’s degree in MIS would imbibe in me.
Para 4: WHY?
Pursuing MS in MIS from your esteemed university will give me a (best) great as it offers
interesting core subjects like enterprise applications and infrastructure, database management
and information system. Apart from this the options for subjects like Healthcare Information
Systems, Information Security in the Public and Private Sectors, Project management and Data
analytics is very exciting. I am also looking forward to do a research work on Information
security and safe computing with the knowledge that I will be getting out of this course.
With the existing set of skills that I carry, doing this course will
me along with my team had to work really hard in order to meet the deadlines. I was involved
